Getting Spring STS is actually quite easy.
I'm just going to go ahead and open up our browser and go to spring.io/tools,
and it will open up the main web page for the tool suite.
It will detect which version of operating system you're on.
We'll go ahead and choose Windows 64‑bit and it will start downloading it.
I've actually already got mine downloaded,
so I'm going to cancel that and show you where I
have it downloaded to my local OS.
You can see I have Spring STS tool suite right here.
And if you open it up, it's just a bundled .zip file.
That's all it is.
I like to expand mine alongside my C dev tools Maven installation that we have,
and you can see inside of here I've got a folder for Java,
a folder for Maven, and a folder now for my Spring STS tool suite.
So I've just gone ahead and expanded that over to here.
And if you open this up inside of here,
there is the application launcher for SpringToolSuite4.
So if I double‑click on this,
it's going to open up and launch the installation for it.
It'll also ask you if you want to choose a default workspace
or which workspace you want to go to.
To begin with, it's going to have a much longer path.
I chose C:\dev\workspace, and if you want,
you can choose to have it use this as the default
workspace and to not ask for that again.
I like to have my dev tools and workspace all configured in that same space.
You can choose to put it where you like,
but I like having those combined together. And then click Launch,
and it'll take it a second, it'll launch the tool suite and come
up to the main default workspace, and all of your tools will be available there for you to use.